## Introduction for the Videos.

### Videos for Neumann Boundary Conditions
The videos are generated by reading the files stored in `serial_out_neu` and `MPI_out_neu` using Python.

- **MPI_concentration_C1_neu.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C1 over time in the parallel simulation using MPI with Neumann boundary conditions.
- **MPI_concentration_C2_neu.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C2 over time in the parallel simulation using MPI with Neumann boundary conditions.
- **serial_concentration_C1_neu.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C1 over time in the serial simulation with Neumann boundary conditions.
- **serial_concentration_C2_neu.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C2 over time in the serial simulation with Neumann boundary conditions.


### Videos for Periodic Boundary Conditions
The videos are generated by reading the files stored in `serial_out_periodic` and `MPI_out_periodic` using Python.
- **MPI_concentration_C1_periodic.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C1 over time in the parallel simulation using MPI with periodic boundary conditions.
- **MPI_concentration_C2_periodic.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C2 over time in the parallel simulation using MPI with periodic boundary conditions.
- **serial_concentration_C1_periodic.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C1 over time in the serial simulation with periodic boundary conditions.
- **serial_concentration_C2_periodic.mp4:** The video shows the concentration of C2 over time in the serial simulation with periodic boundary conditions.